Player Stats:
    Not Implemented - General Stats:
        The player doesn't have intrisic stats. All stats come from equipment and weapons.
        The equipped weapon will provide x flat base damage, and other equipment can provide % modifiers
    Not Implemented - Energy: 
        Players have access to multiple abilities from their weapon and armor each turn. Using abilities will cost a variable amount of energy.
        Energy regains per turn in battle and refills upon leaving battle.
        Going low on energy incurs a damage penalty.
        You can optionally "basic attack" for no energy, but this deals 50% base damage.
    Not Implemented - Damage:

Map:
    Not Implemented - Tiles:
        Walls - Block movement. Lowers chaos and rewards items or resources.
        Rest - Recover health or other resources? Raises chaos moderately.
        Trade - Buy and sell items, or barter items away to increase relation with a faction. Raises chaos slightly for checking, but an additional amount for each item bought (and sold?).
        Chest - Gain an item or some resource. Moderately raises chaos. Possily a mimic under certain circumstances (high chaos?).
        Boss - Fight a region boss. Lowers chaos and grants rare items and resources.
        Event - Wildcare tile that can be item granted, monster fight, special trade, special decision, or quest?
        Deathwhisperer - Fight unique Deathwhisperer faction enemies, only spawn at high chaos
        
Equipment:
    Not Implemented - Spells:
        Inspired by Albion, each piece of equipment will have at least 1 spell (possibly multiple, maybe influenced by item rank).
        Spells can be offensive, defensive, buff oriented, or other.


Monsters:
    Not Implemented - Tiers:
        Monsters have intrinsic tiers related to the zone you are currently in. The vast majority of monsters should be of the same tier of the zone.
        Monsters stats are directly influenced by tier (possibly linear scaling? or exponential?).
    Not Implemented - Stats:
        Monsters, unlike players, have intrinsic stats and abilities.
        Abilities are chosen from a pool for a given monster. Higher tier monsters will have more variety in their abilities.
    Not Implemented - Realms/Biomes:
        Each map the player goes into is a specific biome. Monsters are assigned specific biomes and normal battle encounters pull from the biome's pool of monsters.
    Not Implemented - Factions:
        Monsters have assigned factions. Killing monsters of a given faction decreases their opinion of you, while certain events and/or bartering can increase their opinion.
        Battling a monster that has a positive opinion of you reduces its base damage, while negative opinion increases base damage and reduces chance to be cc'd. 
        Opinion trends toward neutral over time.

Mechanics:
    Not Implemented - Chaos:
        Chaos is a number that gradually ticks up every move, and significantly increases when interacting with safe events, such as chests, rests, or trade outposts.
        Chaos can be reduced by defeating monsters or certain event decisions. Events themselves only slightly raise chaos because they aren't fully safe.
        Chaos progresses to three stages: Low Chaos, Moderate Chaos, High Chaos:
            Low Chaos incurs no penalties.
            Moderate Chaos buffs the base damage and base health of all monsters that you encounter, scaling with how much chaos there is.
            High Chaos further buffs enemies, grants region bosses massive unique buffs, gives a much greater chance of event tiles having monsters,
            gives a much greater chance of encountering veterans/elites, and enables Deathwhisperer tiles to spawn.

